he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive -lrb- 2005 -- 2010 -rrb- awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
michael mullett considers this speech as a `` world classic of epoch-making oratory . ''
after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919 -- 20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe .
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified `` reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , '' plus `` financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential '' .
in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , `` voyage of the damned '' ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
under the mongols , the practice of chinese medicine spread to other parts of the empire .
this tight closure streamlines the front of the animal when it is pursuing prey .
if the whole parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill , it then proceeds to stage 2 .
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced `` that skydrive will soon become onedrive '' and `` skydrive pro '' becomes `` onedrive for business '' .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629 .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa -lrb- as the protectorate was generally known -rrb- and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
in the story , the doctor -lrb- rowan atkinson -rrb- encounters both the master -lrb- jonathan pryce -rrb- and the daleks .
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east .
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt. kenya as mt. kenia , 1862 .
students graduating in the top 4 -- 5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l .
the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began -lrb- ~ 8,000 years ago -rrb- .
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders .
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles .
the uk had traditionally been an ally of israel , and harold wilson 's government supported the israelis during the six-day war .
in 1817 the maling company , at one time the largest pottery company in the world , moved to the city .
the amazon rainforest -lrb- portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud -rrb- , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
a computational problem is understood to be a task that is in principle amenable to being solved by a computer , which is equivalent to stating that the problem may be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps , such as an algorithm .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism .
it also means states can be responsible for private actors .
by the 1880s , the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon .
similarly , it is not known if l -lrb- the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space -rrb- is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
one year later , a war erupted in the philippines causing business , labor and government leaders in the us to condemn america 's occupation in the philippines as they also denounced them for causing the deaths of many filipinos .
this process exerts a downward pressure on wages .
in roman geography , the rhine formed the boundary between gallia and germania by definition ; e.g. maurus servius honoratus , commentary on the aeneid of vergil -lrb- 8.727 -rrb- -lrb- rhenus -rrb- fluvius galliae , qui germanos a gallia dividit '' -lrb- the rhine is a -rrb- river of gaul , which divides the germanic people from gaul . ''
oxygen toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system can also occur in deep scuba diving and surface supplied diving .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
ondemar dias is accredited with first discovering the geoglyphs in 1977 and alceu ranzi with furthering their discovery after flying over acre .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india -lrb- gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire -rrb- , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
because of this , they lack thylakoids organized into grana stacks -- though bundle sheath chloroplasts still have free-floating thylakoids in the stroma where they still carry out cyclic electron flow , a light-driven method of synthesizing atp to power the calvin cycle without generating oxygen .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , `` wise up or die . ''
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008 -- 2010 specials -lrb- the next doctor to end of time part 2 -rrb- .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe -lrb- duisport -rrb- .
the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
eu regulations are the same as treaty provisions in this sense , because as tfeu article 288 states , they are ` directly applicable in all member states ' .
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l .
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years .
in 1949 , as communist troops advanced , the nationalist soldiers moved it another 200 km farther west to the famous tibetan monastery of kumbum monastery or ta'er shi near xining , which soon fell under communist control .
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20 -- 18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure -lrb- 1869 -- 1909 -rrb- transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900 .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
however , during the 2004 -- 05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005 .
brownlee notes that `` although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . ''
for example , e.i. du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
in canada , pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights -lrb- as in alberta and british columbia -rrb- or are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services such as medications reviews -lrb- medschecks in ontario -rrb- .
hutton published a two-volume version of his ideas in 1795 -lrb- vol .
in case of a shared physical medium -lrb- such as radio or 10base5 -rrb- , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
the war was fought between the colonies of british america and new france , with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of great britain and france , as well as native american allies .
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
however , the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue british police box due to a malfunction in the chameleon circuit .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3 -- 0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum -lrb- hancock museum -rrb- ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
the warsaw uprising museum also operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre , the warsaw fotoplastikon .
tesla never married ; he said his chastity was very helpful to his scientific abilities. :33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , `` sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... '' there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum -lrb- hancock museum -rrb- ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion -lrb- due to fermionic nature of electrons -rrb- follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects. :93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate -lrb- proven first by chebyshev -rrb- , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n - 2 , for any natural number n > 3 .
in reyners v belgium the court of justice held that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he lacked belgian nationality was unjustified .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the party , or parties , that hold the majority of seats in the parliament forms the scottish government .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring -lrb- 500 points -rrb- , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
because oil was priced in dollars , oil producers ' real income decreased .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541 .
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe -lrb- after the danube -rrb- , at about 1,230 km -lrb- 760 mi -rrb- , -lsb- note 2 -rsb- -lsb- note 1 -rsb- with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s -lrb- 100,000 cu ft/s -rrb- .
the amazon rainforest -lrb- portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud -rrb- , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
the diffie -- hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem .
there were two kinds of x. 25 networks .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1 .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated `` we support the -lsb- tar 's -rsb- conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 '' .
an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
students do not pay tuition fees , but some extra costs are levied .
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of `` invisible '' kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments -lrb- later identified as `` roentgen rays '' or `` x-rays '' -rrb- .
it also began to use behavioral and demographic data to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that would appeal towards certain audiences .
to ensure a space , in 1947 , abc submitted five applications for television station licenses , one for each market where it owned and operated a radio station -lrb- new york city , los angeles , chicago , san francisco and detroit -rrb- .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language -lrb- asl -rrb- translation .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
the russian leader lenin suggested that `` imperialism was the highest form of capitalism , claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism , and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism '' .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
langlade was given 300 men , including french-canadians and warriors of the ottawa .
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' `` sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone '' -- as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % -lrb- including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr -rrb- .
it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds -lrb- notably oxides -rrb- with most elements .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , -lrb- depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it -rrb- .
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford .
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules .
mueller agreed , and phillips managed apollo from january 1964 , until it achieved the first manned landing in july 1969 , after which he returned to air force duty .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
one of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao , the paper money of the yuan .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes -lrb- occasionally two -rrb- , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés -lrb- `` these supposedly ` reformed ' '' -rrb- habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts -lrb- covering india , china and japan -rrb- completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006 .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language -lrb- asl -rrb- translation .
confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession because it ensured a high income and medical ethics were compatible with confucian virtues .
alternatively , using a type iii secretion system , they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell , providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998 .
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic `` shantytown '' on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
the success of any pathogen depends on its ability to elude host immune responses .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that `` the conception of ` political islam ' '' is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the `` short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 '' , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
uk law only required # 1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone -lrb- around $ 27,000 -rrb- to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization .
the literary and philosophical society of newcastle upon tyne -lrb- popularly known as the ` lit & phil ' -rrb- is the largest independent library outside london , housing more than 150,000 books .
j. a. hobson identifies this justification on general grounds as : `` it is desirable that the earth should be peopled , governed , and developed , as far as possible , by the races which can do this work best , i.e. by the races of highest ` social efficiency ' '' .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
shark tank -lrb- based on the dragon 's den reality format -rrb- also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor -lrb- after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012 -- 13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing -rrb- against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the `` tgif '' lineup ended in 2000 .
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
building construction is usually further divided into residential and non-residential -lrb- commercial/institutional -rrb- .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image -- predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays -- when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial -lrb- centripetal -rrb- force , which changes its direction .
like other ` unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , ?d t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity .
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects `` a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken '' .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes -lrb- 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels -rrb- , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n .
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals .
it is planned that it could open within five years .
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39 .
in the aftermath of generally poor french results in most theaters of the seven years ' war in 1758 , france 's new foreign minister , the duc de choiseul , decided to focus on an invasion of britain , to draw british resources away from north america and the european mainland .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps -lrb- not just those present -rrb- to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
according to producer verity lambert ; `` we did n't have a lot of choice -- we only had the dalek serial to go ... we had a bit of a crisis of confidence because donald -lsb- wilson -rsb- was so adamant that we should n't make it .
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished .
for example , if you know that two people are pulling on the same rope with known magnitudes of force but you do not know which direction either person is pulling , it is impossible to determine what the acceleration of the rope will be .
the presiding officer -lrb- or deputy presiding officer -rrb- decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river -lrb- including new orleans -rrb- to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida -lrb- spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba -rrb- .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson .
virgin media -lrb- re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest -rrb- started to offer a high-definition television -lrb- hdtv -rrb- capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862 .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
second , the violent actions of rebelling , robbing , and plundering placed the peasants `` outside the law of god and empire '' , so they deserved `` death in body and soul , if only as highwaymen and murderers . ''
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances .
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau mau .
hormones can act as immunomodulators , altering the sensitivity of the immune system .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging -lrb- radiography -rrb- , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil -lrb- the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation -rrb- .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
in hendrix v employee insurance institute the court of justice held that a dutch national was not entitled to continue receiving incapacity benefits when he moved to belgium , because the benefit was `` closely linked to the socio-economic situation '' of the netherlands .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , `` they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . ''
on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres -lrb- 80,937 m2 -rrb- of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 -lrb- but would not actually sign on until september 16 -rrb- .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes -lrb- the `` eureka stockade '' -rrb- .
this `` decision time '' is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
the court of justice held that mr steymann was entitled to stay , so long as there was at least an `` indirect quid pro quo '' for the work he did .
in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
teaching in canada requires a post-secondary degree bachelor 's degree .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
this law is an extension of galileo 's insight that constant velocity was associated with a lack of net force -lrb- see a more detailed description of this below -rrb- .
this has meant both the european court of justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems .
the expedition was a disaster .
european union law also applies in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example gibraltar and the åland islands .
the first manned flight of apollo was in 1968 .
from each balancer in the statocyst a ciliary groove runs out under the dome and then splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows , and in some species runs all the way along the comb rows .
polignac 's conjecture is a strengthening of that conjecture , it states that for every positive integer n , there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by 2n .
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a `` substantial head start '' .
for instance , in commission v france french farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries , and even belgian tomato imports .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle -lrb- a complex designed by saarinen -rrb- ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area .
the packet header can be small , as it only needs to contain this code and any information , such as length , timestamp , or sequence number , which is different for different packets .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh -lrb- originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council -rrb- housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
project mercury was followed by the two-man project gemini -lrb- 1962 -- 66 -rrb- .
this is because , for orthogonal components , the components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that `` the conception of ` political islam ' '' is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the `` short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 '' , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
the 1950s and early 1960s saw little in the way of building work ; the first major work was the creation of new storage space for books in the art library in 1966 and 1967 .
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper .
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world .
report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be `` the most giving super bowl ever '' , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built -lsb- citation needed -rsb- and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
it is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from europe , such as smallpox .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013 .
article 17 -lrb- 1 -rrb- of the treaty on european union states the commission should `` promote the general interest of the union '' while article 17 -lrb- 3 -rrb- adds that commissioners should be `` completely independent '' and not `` take instructions from any government '' .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
water -lrb- h2o -rrb- and carbon dioxide -lrb- co2 -rrb- are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen -lrb- o2 -rrb- is made , using light energy .
the tardis has a `` chameleon circuit '' which normally allows the machine to take on the appearance of local objects as a disguise .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer -lrb- 62 acres -rrb- of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india -lrb- gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire -rrb- , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
this forms the basis for the complexity class p , which is the set of decision problems solvable by a deterministic turing machine within polynomial time .
stress can be caused by organizational change , relationships with students , fellow teachers , and administrative personnel , working environment , expectations to substitute , long hours with a heavy workload , and inspections .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 -lrb- with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 -rrb- and since 2011 .
the term `` imperialism '' was originally introduced into english in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of british prime minister benjamin disraeli .
the largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984 , when the nation 's then-private catholic school system integrated .
only 100 -- 150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
during a tour of thuringia , he became enraged at the widespread burning of convents , monasteries , bishops ' palaces , and libraries .
although a patent-sharing agreement was signed between the two companies in 1896 westinghouse was still cash-strapped from the financial warfare .
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms .
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that `` we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . ''
the park has a multi-use amphitheatre that seats up to 2,500 people , authentic japanese garden , fenced dog park , two-mile -lrb- 3 km -rrb- equestrian trail , exercise par course , three children 's playgrounds , a lake , 3 small ponds , 7 picnic areas and five miles -lrb- 8 km -rrb- of multipurpose trails that are part of the san joaquin river parkway 's lewis s. eaton trail .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
newcastle was part of the county of northumberland until 1400 , when it became a county itself , a status it retained until becoming part of tyne and wear in 1974 .
there are also many places commemorating the heroic history of warsaw .
none of the original treaties establishing the european union mention protection for fundamental rights .
decisions are taken by a simple majority vote , usually through a `` written procedure '' of circulating the proposals and adopting if there are no objections .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three .
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function .
in robert michael 's view , luther 's words `` we are at fault in not slaying them '' amounted to a sanction for murder .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and -- though it significantly altered the existing treaties -- it did not completely replace them .
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems -- instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
however , kusala suddenly died only four days after a banquet with tugh temür .
in 1973 's the three doctors , william hartnell and patrick troughton returned alongside jon pertwee .
grissom , white , and chaffee decided to name their flight apollo 1 as a motivational focus on the first manned flight .
for a situation with no movement , the static friction force exactly balances the applied force resulting in no acceleration .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
this state should be a `` theo-democracy , '' based on the principles of : tawhid -lrb- unity of god -rrb- , risala -lrb- prophethood -rrb- and khilafa -lrb- caliphate -rrb- .
for example , e.i. du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
bedau writes , `` there is a whole class of acts , undertaken in the name of civil disobedience , which , even if they were widely practiced , would in themselves constitute hardly more than a nuisance -lrb- e.g. trespassing at a nuclear-missile installation -rrb- ... such acts are often just a harassment and , at least to the bystander , somewhat inane ... the remoteness of the connection between the disobedient act and the objectionable law lays such acts open to the charge of ineffectiveness and absurdity . ''
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries -lrb- including ` the forest ' tapestry of 1887 -rrb- , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
long integrated into australian society , it is encouraged by the huguenot society of australia to embrace and conserve its cultural heritage , aided by the society 's genealogical research services .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
the spanish renamed the fort san mateo , and following the ejection of the french , st. augustine 's position as the most important settlement in florida was solidified .
in just eight hours , it swept through 146 city blocks , destroyed over 2,000 buildings , left about 10,000 homeless and killed 7 residents .
the oldest existing armed seal of warsaw is from the year 1390 , consisting of a round seal bordered with the latin inscription sigilium civitatis varsoviensis -lrb- seal of the city of warsaw -rrb- .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34 -- 19 .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10 -- 0 lead .
according to the secret history , temüjin again offered his friendship to jamukha , asking him to return to his side .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
the annual status of education report -lrb- aser -rrb- , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
it was promulgated on 27 august 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in nairobi 's uhuru park , accompanied by a 21-gun salute .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
-lsb- citation needed -rsb- a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
islamism , also known as political islam -lrb- arabic : ????? ????? islam siyasi -rrb- , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt `` to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . ''
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay .
the crowd that witnessed the demonstration made outrageous claims about the workings of the boat , such as magic , telepathy , and being piloted by a trained monkey hidden inside .
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy -lrb- e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy -rrb- and its efficacy .
as organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world , their presence or -lrb- sometimes -rrb- absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found .
he received his master 's degree in 1505 .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966 .
since its foundation , the treaties sought to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country through free movement .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps -lrb- not just those present -rrb- to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact .
liberated by napoleon 's army in 1806 , warsaw was made the capital of the newly created duchy of warsaw .
imperialism and colonialism have been used in order to describe one 's superiority , domination and influence upon a person or group of people .
he explained his concept of `` justification '' in the smalcald articles :
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852 .
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera -lrb- xanten -rrb- , i germanica and xx valeria -lrb- pannonian troops -rrb- ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum -lrb- `` town of the ubii '' -rrb- , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
the principle becomes quite complex , however , given the uncertainties of fossilization , the localization of fossil types due to lateral changes in habitat -lrb- facies change in sedimentary strata -rrb- , and that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time .
the american automobile association reported that in the last week of february 1974 , 20 % of american gasoline stations had no fuel .
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 -- the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause -- and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008 .
mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 f in january to 82 f in july .
chemical catalysts can be used as well , such as in chemical oxygen generators or oxygen candles that are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines , and are still part of standard equipment on commercial airliners in case of depressurization emergencies .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units -- ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study -- with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre -lrb- 85 ha -rrb- main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles -lrb- 5 km -rrb- northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence .
börte had three more sons , chagatai -lrb- 1187 -- 1241 -rrb- , ögedei -lrb- 1189 -- 1241 -rrb- , and tolui -lrb- 1190 -- 1232 -rrb- .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
the rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical carnot cycle because , when an efficient turbine is used , the ts diagram begins to resemble the carnot cycle .
their most distinctive feature is the ` combs ' -- groups of cilia which they use for swimming -- they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant -lrb- a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt -rrb- , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
southern california is a major economic center for the state of california and the united states .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206 .
according to russian census of 1897 , out of the total population of 638,000 , jews constituted 219,000 -lrb- around 34 % percent -rrb- .
see : mechanical stoker
this results in a simpler host interface with less functionality than in the datagram model .
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in `` rhine-kilometers '' -lrb- rheinkilometer -rrb- , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance -lrb- 0 km -rrb- to hoek van holland -lrb- 1036.20 km -rrb- .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .