furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to `` stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic -lsb- i.e. , human-induced -rsb- interference with the climate system '' .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the statement was in latin , apart from `` we are beggars , '' which was in german .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems -- instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams -lrb- the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york -rrb- .
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport .
beyond military power , kennedy used aerospace technology as a symbol of national prestige , pledging to make the us not `` first but , first and , first if , but first period . ''
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts .
however , as the reformation continued , luther began to lose hope in large-scale jewish conversion to christianity .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10 -- 0 lead .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response .
the substantial price increases of 1973 -- 1974 largely returned their prices and corresponding incomes to bretton woods levels in terms of commodities such as gold .
it is named after william john macquorn rankine , a scottish polymath .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
`` faith is that which brings the holy spirit through the merits of christ . ''
plague occurred in venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528 .
it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere -lrb- see occurrence -rrb- .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10 -- 7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
harvard college accepted 5.3 % of applicants for the class of 2019 , a record low and the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities .
johnson 's expedition was better organized than shirley 's , which was noticed by new france 's governor , the marquis de vaudreuil .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
the lor method had the advantage of allowing the lander spacecraft to be used as a `` lifeboat '' in the event of a failure of the command ship .
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal `` sea gooseberry , '' pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 .
in week 10 , manning suffered a partial tear of the plantar fasciitis in his left foot .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors -lrb- 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty -rrb- ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november -lrb- the actual date of the anniversary -rrb- on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion -lrb- due to fermionic nature of electrons -rrb- follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects. :93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object .
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide -lrb- hgo -rrb- inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named `` dephlogisticated air '' .
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
phagocytosis evolved as a means of acquiring nutrients , but this role was extended in phagocytes to include engulfment of pathogens as a defense mechanism .
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the tourism sector has exhibited steady growth in most years since independence and by the late 1980s had become the country 's principal source of foreign exchange .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
he also built a wireless controlled boat , one of the first ever exhibited .
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm -lrb- 2 ft 6 in -rrb- narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
edison , saying that he was only joking , replied , `` tesla , you do n't understand our american humor . ''
their style was characterised by rounded arches , particularly over windows and doorways , and massive proportions .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , -lsb- citation needed -rsb- arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604 .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a `` welfare cash card '' , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only `` essentials '' .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic `` shantytown '' on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries .
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting .
with the development of quantum field theory and general relativity , it was realized that force is a redundant concept arising from conservation of momentum -lrb- 4-momentum in relativity and momentum of virtual particles in quantum electrodynamics -rrb- .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl `` spectacular '' and that it would be `` an important game for us as a league '' .
the museum continues to acquire examples of modern fashion to add to the collection .
sometimes antibodies are generated against tumor cells allowing for their destruction by the complement system .
within southern california are two major cities , los angeles and san diego , as well as three of the country 's largest metropolitan areas .
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
after allying himself with croatia and the catholic cities of dalmatia , in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of albania , capturing valona , kanina , jericho -lrb- orikumi -rrb- , and reaching butrint after numerous pillages .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
european chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth .
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as `` futureplan '' , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
-lsb- ... -rsb- for reason is the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things . ''
lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early -lrb- 1893 -rrb- pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
there have been debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent .
these flights validated the service module engine and the command module heat shield .
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles .
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events -- admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
as a result , kuchlug 's army was defeated west of kashgar .
oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause gas gangrene , so increasing its partial pressure helps kill them .
in particular , it is known that gandhi would often quote shelley 's masque of anarchy to vast audiences during the campaign for a free india .
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat -lrb- or zhongshu sheng -rrb- at khanbaliq -lrb- modern beijing -rrb- ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs -lrb- or xuanzheng yuan -rrb- held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
manning and newton had quarterback passer ratings of 56.6 and 55.4 , respectively , and their added total of 112 is a record lowest aggregate passer rating for a super bowl .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness -lrb- his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood -rrb- .
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division .
they also claim that in these schools the preservation of public order is easier and more efficient than anywhere else .
the vbns installed one of the first ever production oc-48c -lrb- 2.5 gbit/s -rrb- ip links in february 1999 and went on to upgrade the entire backbone to oc-48c .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospic for prague where he was to study .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
it remains in use today , along with luther 's hymns and his translation of the bible .
another major difference between x. 25 and frame relay is that x. 25 requires a handshake between the communicating parties before any user packets are transmitted .
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam -lrb- dai viet -rrb- crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of b?ch d?ng -lrb- 1288 -rrb- .
the motion picture , television , and music industry is centered on the los angeles in southern california .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the `` bricks for warsaw '' campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospic for prague where he was to study .
the previous record was 244 yards by the baltimore ravens in super bowl xxxv .
when asked where all the money had gone , tesla responded by saying that he was affected by the panic of 1901 , which he -lrb- morgan -rrb- had caused .
the space review estimated in 2010 the cost of apollo from 1959 to 1973 as $ 20.4 billion , or $ 109 billion in 2010 dollars .
following the congress of vienna of 1815 , warsaw became the centre of the congress poland , a constitutional monarchy under a personal union with imperial russia .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature -lrb- chinese : ?????? -rrb- , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake `` a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment '' .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
the river tyne had the temporary bambuco bridge in 2008 for ten days ; it was not made for walking , road or cycling , but was just a sculpture .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
there are many important organic solvents that contain oxygen , including : acetone , methanol , ethanol , isopropanol , furan , thf , diethyl ether , dioxane , ethyl acetate , dmf , dmso , acetic acid , and formic acid .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches -lrb- 598.7 mm -rrb- in the `` rain year '' from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches -lrb- 112.5 mm -rrb- from july 1933 to june 1934 .
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
in 1960 , canadian entrepreneur john bassett , who was trying to establish a television station in toronto , sought the help of abc to launch the station .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome -- most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion .
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field .
the old four-note theme tune is still used by abc on demand to the beginning of the abc show .
the connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology -lrb- the study of rocks -rrb- , stratigraphy -lrb- the study of sedimentary layers -rrb- , and structural geology -lrb- the study of positions of rock units and their deformation -rrb- .
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells -lrb- e.g. melanocytes -rrb- into tumors called melanomas .
the ipcc does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data .
it has a six-person board appointed by the european council , on the council 's recommendation .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
`` ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan 's time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , '' mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted .
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc .
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries .
in all other rows -lrb- a = 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 8 -rrb- there are infinitely many prime numbers .
in the same interview , tesla said that he believed that all fundamental laws could be reduced to one .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called `` mohammedanism '' or `` the turk '' .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine .
conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
ß-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979 .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below -lrb- separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers -rrb- , and the outer core and inner core below that .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find -lrb- the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun -rrb- .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago -lrb- see oxygen isotope ratio cycle -rrb- .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems -lrb- obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use -rrb- , and lower rates of social goods -lrb- life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued -rrb- in countries and states with higher inequality .
because the csm design was started early before the selection of lunar orbit rendezvous , the service propulsion engine was sized to lift the csm off of the moon , and thus was oversized to about twice the thrust required for translunar flight .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
in case of a shared physical medium -lrb- such as radio or 10base5 -rrb- , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic -- the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation -- alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms and formed small islands by precipitating sediments .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated `` we support the -lsb- tar 's -rsb- conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 '' .
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts .
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres -lrb- upt -rrb- was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures .
where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications , there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
in the wake of the iranian revolution the saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization via the radicalism of islamism , a reality which would quickly be revealed in the seizure of the grand mosque in mecca by wahhabi extremists during november 1979 and a shiite revolt in the oil rich al-hasa region of saudi arabia in december of the same year .
they suggested that stromatoveris was an evolutionary `` aunt '' of ctenophores , and that ctenophores originated from sessile animals whose descendants became swimmers and changed the cilia from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as `` my patmos '' , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists .
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan ` an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
developer william smilie created the nation 's first planned aviation community .
deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km -lrb- 190 mi -rrb- from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km -lrb- 160 mi -rrb- from the baltic sea , 523 km -lrb- 325 mi -rrb- east of berlin , germany .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast -lrb- more specifically , a prasinophyte -rrb- .
effective teachers have been shown to invite student participation and decision making , allow humor into their classroom , and demonstrate a willingness to play .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia -lrb- khwarezmid empire -rrb- , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war .
william shirley , the expansionist governor of the province of massachusetts bay , was particularly forceful , stating that british colonists would not be safe as long as the french were present .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
robert young writes that while imperialism operates from the center , is a state policy and is developed for ideological as well as financial reasons , colonialism is simply the development for settlement or commercial intentions .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents -- explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
in gr , gravitation is not viewed as a force , but rather , objects moving freely in gravitational fields travel under their own inertia in straight lines through curved space-time -- defined as the shortest space-time path between two space-time events .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
his calendar , the shoushi li -lrb- ??? -rrb- or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
brownlee notes that `` although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . ''
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal -lrb- emperor ningzong -rrb- the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür -lrb- emperor huizong -rrb- , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne , germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people .
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
the term annual conference is often used to refer to the geographical area it covers as well as the frequency of meeting .
the exceptions are the beroids , whose young are miniature beroids with large mouths and no tentacles , and the platyctenids , whose young live as cydippid-like plankton until they reach near-adult size , but then sink to the bottom and rapidly metamorphose into the adult form .
a mere half decade later the tract had 267 homes .
it has remained an important swahili settlement since the 14th century and once rivalled mombasa for dominance in the african great lakes region .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
in 1884 the leading exponent of colonialism , jules ferry declared france had a civilising mission : `` the higher races have a right over the lower races , they have a duty to civilize the inferior '' .
the victoria and albert museum -lrb- often abbreviated as the v&a -rrb- , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
corporal punishment in american schools is administered to the seat of the student 's trousers or skirt with a specially made wooden paddle .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , `` but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 .
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
the small catechism has earned a reputation as a model of clear religious teaching .
langlade was given 300 men , including french-canadians and warriors of the ottawa .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
in many countries , a person who wishes to become a teacher must first obtain specified professional qualifications or credentials from a university or college .
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline .
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine .
the board of trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university and manages fundraising efforts , and is composed of 50 members including the university president .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , `` for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . ''
suggestions for a ` devolved ' parliament were made before 1914 , but were shelved due to the outbreak of the first world war .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
salvation originates with the father and draws the believer to the father .
therefore , the church rejects war as an instrument of national foreign policy , to be employed only as a last resort in the prevention of such evils as genocide , brutal suppression of human rights , and unprovoked international aggression .
so , in a 2009 case , commission v italy , the court of justice held that an italian law prohibiting motorcycles or mopeds pulling trailers infringed article 34 .
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
although parts of sunnyside are within the city of fresno , much of the neighborhood is a `` county island '' within fresno county .
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies .
the rhine -lrb- romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn -rrb- is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
in his travels to egypt , afghanistan , palestine and syria , he promoted ideas of greater islamic political co-operation and unity , calling for the shedding of nationalist differences .
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770 .
there has been a resurgence in popular interest in tesla since the 1990s .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as `` vector quantities '' .
the engineers at marshall space flight center -lrb- msfc -rrb- took longer to become convinced of its merits , but their conversion was announced by wernher von braun at a briefing in june 1962 .
for example , consider the deterministic sorting algorithm quicksort .
thunder from the released energy was heard 15 miles away in cripple creek , colorado .
in a purely capitalist mode of production -lrb- i.e. where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers -rrb- the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
the city 's residents fled to the north , most of them dying during the journey , but the infection had been spread to the people of asia minor .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system. :19 -1
council members are elected directly every four years .
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
generally , `` prime '' indicates minimality or indecomposability , in an appropriate sense .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
the american automobile association reported that in the last week of february 1974 , 20 % of american gasoline stations had no fuel .
the publication of a taoist text inscribed with the name of töregene khatun , ögedei 's wife , is one of the first printed works sponsored by the mongols .
according to goldenson , this meant that an hour of abc programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning `` he who does great things . ''
in early 2009 , disney -- abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction , particularly the autoimmune disorders .
to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis , chloroplasts use an enzyme called rubisco .
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001 .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education -lrb- primary schools -rrb- , followed by secondary education -lrb- secondary schools/high schools -rrb- and tertiary education -lrb- universities and/or tafe colleges -rrb- .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
the americas during the pre-columbian era also had large empires such as the aztec empire and the incan empire .
a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms .
the united states is divided into five jurisdictions : northeastern , southeastern , north central , south central and western .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
these services involve the laying on of hands and anointing with oil .
the fourth yuan emperor , buyantu khan -lrb- ayurbarwada -rrb- , was a competent emperor .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
he died in 1259 without a successor .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
he said , `` i lost touch with christ the savior and comforter , and made of him the jailer and hangman of my poor soul . ''
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
although restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by creditor protection , labour rights to participate in work , or the public interest in collecting taxes , denial of capacity went too far : it was an `` outright negation '' of the right of establishment .
today most electric power is provided by steam turbines .
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers .
the two teams ' combined third down conversion percentage of 13.8 was a super bowl low .
davies ' successor , steven moffat , has continued the trend by reviving the silurians in series 5 , cybermats in series 6 , the great intelligence and the ice warriors in series 7 , and zygons in the 50th anniversary special .
this meant that high tide formed a serious risk because strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953 .
this forced the emperor xuanzong to move his capital south to kaifeng , abandoning the northern half of his kingdom to the mongols .
his objective was to punish the miami people of pickawillany for not following céloron 's orders to cease trading with the british .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells -- more precisely , phagocytes -- that were responsible for immune responses .
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman -lrb- carole ann ford -rrb- and her teachers barbara wright -lrb- jacqueline hill -rrb- and ian chesterton -lrb- william russell -rrb- .
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale .
the city 's tourism , however , was dealt major blows in the late 19th century by yellow fever outbreaks .
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
they are called hierarchy theorems because they induce a proper hierarchy on the classes defined by constraining the respective resources .
reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide ion -lrb- o - 2 -rrb- and hydrogen peroxide -lrb- h 2o 2 -rrb- , are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms .
in 1861 , tesla attended the `` lower '' or `` primary '' school in smiljan where he studied german , arithmetic , and religion .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver -lrb- all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services -rrb- needs to be used .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the `` golden super bowl '' ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
however , even in this case , bskyb does not carry any control over the channel 's content or carriage issues such as picture quality .
he even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock .
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry .
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain -lrb- part of the kentii mountain range -rrb- .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971 .
his loyal secretary , dorothy skerrit , wrote : `` his genial smile and nobility of bearing always denoted the gentlemanly characteristics that were so ingrained in his soul . ''
in 1950 , noble appointed robert kintner to be abc 's president while he himself served as its ceo , a position he would hold until his death in 1958 .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public -lrb- government -rrb- funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have -lrb- e.g. sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship -rrb- , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available .
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa .
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time .
after the war started , tesla lost the funding he was receiving from his patents in european countries .
the disease bypassed some areas , and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion .
cameron congratulated the snp on their victory but vowed to campaign for the union in the independence referendum .
possible missions included ferrying crews to a space station , circumlunar flights , and eventual manned lunar landings .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013 .
the clinical section is located in a 10-floor building with 700 beds , 10 operating theatres , an intensive care unit , several diagnostic departments as well as an outpatient clinic .
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny .
a president is elected by the judges for three years .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , `` to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . ''
the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
later the american makers introduced their domestic replacements -lrb- ford ranger , dodge dakota and the chevrolet s10/gmc s-15 -rrb- , ending their captive import policy .
the sieve of eratosthenes , attributed to eratosthenes , is a simple method to compute primes , although the large primes found today with computers are not generated this way .