because it expressed essential reformation doctrine , this expanded version of `` aus tiefer not '' was designated as a regular component of several regional lutheran liturgies and was widely used at funerals , including luther 's own .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn `` wir glauben all an einen gott '' -lrb- `` we all believe in one true god '' -rrb- is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
people from jacksonville may be called `` jacksonvillians '' or `` jaxsons '' -lrb- also spelled `` jaxons '' -rrb- .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity -lrb- or any other complexity measure -rrb- of different inputs of the same size .
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives -lrb- most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing -rrb- .
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education -lrb- kcpe -rrb- , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training .
jacksonville has florida 's largest filipino american community , with 25,033 in the metropolitan area as of the 2010 census .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the `` golden super bowl '' ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
most species are hermaphrodites -- a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
the notion `` force '' keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
during that story the role was then assumed by john simm who returned to the role multiple times through the tenth doctor 's tenure .
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle .
it began with a dispute over control of the confluence of the allegheny and monongahela rivers , called the forks of the ohio , and the site of the french fort duquesne and present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems -lrb- obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use -rrb- , and lower rates of social goods -lrb- life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued -rrb- in countries and states with higher inequality .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago -lrb- see oxygen isotope ratio cycle -rrb- .
due to the coming together of painting , poetry , and calligraphy at this time many of the artists practicing these different pursuits were the same individuals , though perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others .
on 12 may 1705 , the virginia general assembly passed an act to naturalise the 148 huguenots still resident at manakintown .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th -- 18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and `` house of tides '' , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28 -- 30 close .
the scotland act 2012 extends the devolved competencies .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
in 1933 , out of 1,178,914 inhabitants 833,500 were of polish mother tongue .
following the cretaceous -- paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
though luther saw the muslim faith as a tool of the devil , he was indifferent to its practice : `` let the turk believe and live as he will , just as one lets the papacy and other false christians live . ''
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869 .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia -lrb- khwarezmid empire -rrb- , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant -lrb- also called the net force -rrb- , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
the preparation and approval process for all ipcc special reports follows the same procedures as for ipcc assessment reports .
nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v .
for example , to check the primality of 37 , only three divisions are necessary -lrb- m = 2 , 3 , and 5 -rrb- , given that 4 and 6 are composite .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
it was believed that a certain person 's behaviours were determined by the environment in which they lived and thus validated their domination .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
the lucas -- lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form .
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians .
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a `` blueprint . ''
however , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice would be allowed if they were non-discriminatory , `` justified by imperative requirements in the general interest '' and proportionately applied .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
even if a chloroplast is eventually lost , the genes it donated to the former host 's nucleus persist , providing evidence for the lost chloroplast 's existence .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging -lrb- radiography -rrb- , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil -lrb- the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation -rrb- .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
in the 1330s a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine , starting in 1331 , with a deadly plague arriving soon after .
in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
luther 's rediscovery of `` christ and his salvation '' was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , `` over 60 percent '' of the forbes richest 400 americans `` grew up in substantial privilege '' .
in addition , abc on demand -lrb- like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks -rrb- disallows fast forwarding of accessed content .
the computer science network -lrb- csnet -rrb- was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation -lrb- nsf -rrb- that began operation in 1981 .
william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
velamen parallelum , which is typically less than 20 centimeters -lrb- 0.66 ft -rrb- long , can move much faster in what has been described as a `` darting motion '' .
the distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century , and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries .
only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens -lrb- short for antibody generators -rrb- and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response .
i do n't deny it ; in fact , i am proud of it .
from 1965 to 1991 the books published were primarily novelised adaptations of broadcast episodes ; beginning in 1991 an extensive line of original fiction was launched , the virgin new adventures and virgin missing adventures .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
here , personal success is a student 's internal goal of improving himself , whereas academic success includes the goals he receives from his superior .
based on the good performance of apollo 6 and identification of satisfactory fixes to the apollo 6 problems , nasa declared the saturn v ready to fly men , cancelling a third unmanned test .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures -lrb- not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child -rrb- that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600 -- 1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
the social charter declares 30 general principles , including on fair remuneration of employment , health and safety at work , rights of disabled and elderly , the rights of workers , on vocational training and improvements of living conditions .
the top-level department and government agency known as the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs -lrb- xuanzheng yuan -rrb- was set up in khanbaliq -lrb- modern beijing -rrb- to supervise buddhist monks throughout the empire .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
in at least some species , juveniles are capable of reproduction before reaching the adult size and shape .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
he is shown in mini-episode `` the night of the doctor '' to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors .
there have since been nine further series in 2006 -- 2008 and 2010 -- 2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005 .
this allows all set top boxes in a household to share recordings and other media .
the sculpture collection at the v&a is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical european sculpture in the world .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards -lrb- 315 to 194 -rrb- and first downs -lrb- 21 to 11 -rrb- .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo .
its major thoroughfares are kings canyon avenue and clovis avenue .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa -lrb- as the protectorate was generally known -rrb- and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524 -- 25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east .
the very high-speed backbone network service -lrb- vbns -rrb- came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation -lrb- nsf -rrb- sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
on november 22 , japan issued a statement `` asserting that israel should withdraw from all of the 1967 territories , advocating palestinian self-determination , and threatening to reconsider its policy toward israel if israel refused to accept these preconditions '' .
he knew little about the technical details of the space program , and was put off by the massive financial commitment required by a manned moon landing .
it is also produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength , and by the immune system as a source of active oxygen .
`` seven years '' refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763 .
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky + hd , on 22 may 2006 .
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15 -- 1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier .
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , '' but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , `` guilt implies wrong-doing .
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh .
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the `` richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent '' .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
on july 31 , 1995 , the walt disney company announced an agreement to merge with capital cities/abc for $ 19 billion .
it is uncertain how ctenophores control their buoyancy , but experiments have shown that some species rely on osmotic pressure to adapt to water of different densities .
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job .
enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase a2 in saliva , tears , and breast milk are also antibacterials .
for many years it was described as `` semi-legal '' and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms .
a cylindrical service module -lrb- sm -rrb- supported the command module , with a service propulsion engine and an rcs with propellants , and a fuel cell power generation system with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen reactants .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles -lrb- 2,600 km -rrb- over the atlantic ocean -lrb- some dust falls into the atlantic -rrb- , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons -lrb- 15 % -rrb- of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the enforcement of the ban on the 95 theses fell to the secular authorities .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
co-teachers work in sync with one another to create a climate of learning .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
this means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt by any object is always directed toward the center of the curving path .
stated another way , the instance is a particular input to the problem , and the solution is the output corresponding to the given input .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15 -- 1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player -lrb- mvp -rrb- .
in many cases , geologists also study modern soils , rivers , landscapes , and glaciers ; investigate past and current life and biogeochemical pathways , and use geophysical methods to investigate the subsurface .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council -lrb- usually consisting of church bishops -rrb- .
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them `` kickback '' payments .
moreover , many conferences have taken a position by voting in favor of same-gender marriages with resolutions .
such professionals enjoy a status in some societies on a par with physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants -lrb- chartered or cpa -rrb- .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , `` they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . ''
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0 -- 1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom -lrb- heterokontophyte -rrb- derived chloroplast .
there are also categories for construction service firms -lrb- e.g. , engineering , architecture -rrb- and construction managers -lrb- firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project -rrb- .
in a collaboration with paul speratus , this and seven other hymns were published in the achtliederbuch , the first lutheran hymnal .
there are 131 seats in the debating chamber .
some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the palace on the water -lrb- rebuilt 1775 -- 1795 -rrb- , królikarnia -lrb- 1782 -- 1786 -rrb- , carmelite church -lrb- façade 1761 -- 1783 -rrb- and evangelical holy trinity church -lrb- 1777 -- 1782 -rrb- .
teaching in scotland is an all graduate profession and the normal route for graduates wishing to teach is to complete a programme of initial teacher education -lrb- ite -rrb- at one of the seven scottish universities who offer these courses .
preschool teachers may earn # 20,980 annually .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years .
steven r. ward wrote that `` overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
the university now owns approximately fifty percent more land in allston than in cambridge .
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification .
first the crew noticed a strange odor in their spacesuits , which delayed the sealing of the hatch .
the original theatre royal in newcastle was opened on 21 january 1788 and was located on mosley street .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , `` but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game .
daly et al. 2001 found that among u.s states and canadian provinces there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
in berlin , the huguenots created two new neighbourhoods : dorotheenstadt and friedrichstadt .
-lsb- citation needed -rsb- his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states .
the judicial council is the highest court in the denomination .
there are hints in the surviving records of the ancient egyptians that they had some knowledge of prime numbers : the egyptian fraction expansions in the rhind papyrus , for instance , have quite different forms for primes and for composites .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
the very high-speed backbone network service -lrb- vbns -rrb- came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation -lrb- nsf -rrb- sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , `` the view that income inequality harms growth -- or that improved equality can help sustain growth -- has become more widely held in recent years .
the dutch health authorities regarded the treatment unnecessary , so she argued this restricted the freedom -lrb- of the german health clinic -rrb- to provide services .
michael bayles argues that if a person violates a law in order to create a test case as to the constitutionality of a law , and then wins his case , then that act did not constitute civil disobedience .
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks .
it is also produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength , and by the immune system as a source of active oxygen .
in this equation , a dimensional constant is used to describe the relative strength of gravity .
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field .
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback .
it upholds the concept of the `` visible and invisible church , '' meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered .
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service -lrb- which originated the `` watch '' brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks -rrb- , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress .
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson .
land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam , as feed water was usually readily available .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november -lrb- the actual date of the anniversary -rrb- on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis , which is responsible for modern earth 's atmosphere .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal -lrb- united states -rrb- calendar of saints .
the plague repeatedly returned to haunt europe and the mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census -lrb- to 7.8 % -rrb- , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions -lrb- up to a thousand times as many -rrb- inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
a greedy merchant also heard her songs ; he followed the fishermen and captured the mermaid .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull -lrb- edict -rrb- exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law .
this was followed on april 4 , 1968 , by apollo 6 -lrb- as-502 -rrb- which carried a csm and a lm test article as ballast .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
as a result , the judge increased her sentence from 40 to 60 days .
these are mainly forested areas -lrb- pine forest -rrb- .
the american football conference -lrb- afc -rrb- champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference -lrb- nfc -rrb- champion carolina panthers 24 -- 10 to earn their third super bowl title .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer -lrb- 62 acres -rrb- of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel .
the crisis reduced the demand for large cars .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000 .
decompression sickness occurs in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive , resulting in bubbles of inert gas , mostly nitrogen and helium , forming in their blood .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football .
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
free movement was increasingly based on `` citizenship '' , so that people had rights to empower them to become economically and socially active , rather than economic activity being a precondition for rights .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978 .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean `` god 's resting place '' in all three languages .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20 -- 18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
the pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions , adverse drug reactions , and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches -lrb- 1.88 m -rrb- tall and weighed 142 pounds -lrb- 64 kg -rrb- , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926. :292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya -lrb- or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya -rrb- , renounced violence in 2003 .
it precipitated civil bloodshed , ruined commerce , and resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of protestants , many of whom became intellectuals , doctors and business leaders in britain as well as holland , prussia , and south africa .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
tesla went to maribor -lrb- now in slovenia -rrb- , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations -lrb- broadcasting either in analog or digital -rrb- in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama -lrb- wbma-ld -rrb- , lima , ohio -lrb- wlqp-lp -rrb- and south bend , indiana -lrb- wbnd-ld -rrb- .
bypassing the nasa hierarchy , he sent a series of memos and reports on the issue to associate administrator robert seamans ; while acknowledging that he spoke `` somewhat as a voice in the wilderness , '' houbolt pleaded that lor should not be discounted in studies of the question .
running back ronnie hillman also made a big impact with 720 yards , five touchdowns , 24 receptions , and a 4.7 yards per carry average .
zhèng -lrb- chinese : ? -rrb- meaning `` right '' , `` just '' , or `` true '' , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier - s , creating `` jenggis '' , which in medieval romanization would be written `` genghis '' .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan -lrb- ruler -rrb- of his own tribe , the jadaran .
to cut vital supplies to louisbourg , nova scotia 's governor charles lawrence ordered the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population from the area .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
the normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their christian piety , becoming exponents of the catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
tension with paris led to a siege by the royal army in 1622 .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate -lrb- proven first by chebyshev -rrb- , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n - 2 , for any natural number n > 3 .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the `` tesla polyphase system '' , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp. :79 an observer noted :
this building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the church 's general assembly .
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that `` as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory -lrb- also attested as ` into heaven ' -rrb- springs . ''
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration -lrb- 1868 -rrb- .
the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1960s .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n.
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant -lrb- also called the net force -rrb- , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
while the military effectiveness of these `` afghan arabs '' was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter `` l '' using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
this gives members an opportunity to question the first minister directly on issues under their jurisdiction .
at the beginning of the 20th century , important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869 .
innate cells are also important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere -lrb- 101.3 kpa -rrb- of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters -lrb- ml -rrb- of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
the 2013 -- 14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors -lrb- which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank -rrb- and suburgatory .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast -lrb- more specifically , a prasinophyte -rrb- .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots -lrb- for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman -lsb- citation needed -rsb- -rrb- or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters -lrb- for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs -lsb- citation needed -rsb- -rrb- .
in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
during the second world war , warsaw was razed to the ground by bombing raids and planned destruction .
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague -- which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
teachers with more experience and higher education earn more than those with a standard bachelor 's degree and certificate .
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech .
the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil .
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 -lrb- super bowl xix -rrb- , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
this deliberate induction of an immune response is successful because it exploits the natural specificity of the immune system , as well as its inducibility .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
since deterministic turing machines are special non-deterministic turing machines , it is easily observed that each problem in p is also member of the class np .
from the mid-2000s , the university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects .
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies .
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion .
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward .
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country .
the fresno chandler executive airport is also on the west side .
teachers have the option to teach for a public school which is funded by the provincial government or teaching in a private school which is funded by the private sector , businesses and sponsors .
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire -lsb- citation needed -rsb- .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly -lrb- the lower house -rrb- and the legislative council -lrb- the upper house -rrb- .
several of the proposed routes would require trams as opposed to the current light rail trains .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water , the major constituent of lifeforms .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , `` wise up or die . ''
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
a non-deterministic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism , which allows a turing machine to have multiple possible future actions from a given state .
whenever he encountered british merchants or fur-traders , céloron informed them of the french claims on the territory and told them to leave .
the concept environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination of certain territories and peoples .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15 -- 1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence .
the three most important aspects of teacher enthusiasm are enthusiasm about teaching , enthusiasm about the students , and enthusiasm about the subject matter .
innate cells are also important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system .
a typical configuration is to run ip over atm or a version of mpls .
for example , an experienced teacher and parent described the place of a teacher in learning as follows : `` the real bulk of learning takes place in self-study and problem solving with a lot of feedback around that loop .
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo .
the results of the haensch study have since been confirmed and amended .
when complete , the lewis s. eaton trail system will cover 22 miles -lrb- 35 km -rrb- between highway 99 and friant dam .
city records as far back as 1609 document the use of a crude form of a sea monster with a female upper body and holding a sword in its claws .
since renewal , the tower district has become an attractive area for restaurant and other local businesses .
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament .
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china .
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu had joint partnerships with ford , chrysler , and gm , respectively .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current -lsb- when ? -rsb-
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
the nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells that store nutrients in vacuoles -lrb- internal compartments -rrb- , germ cells that produce eggs or sperm , and photocytes that produce bioluminescence .
the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile -lrb- 1,700.6 / km ² -rrb- .
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled .
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter `` l '' using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
in the mid-1960s , corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city 's officials , who were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network .
he was influenced by hamburg merchants and traders , his neighbors at friedrichsruh .
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model -- many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge -- but conformed puritanism .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
most hospital medications are unit-dose , or a single dose of medicine .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty -lrb- 1115 -- 1234 -rrb- in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico .
the private networks were often connected via gateways to the public network to reach locations not on the private network .
:64 instead , edison offered a us$ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us$ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned .
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied .
singlet oxygen is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular o 2 in which all the electron spins are paired .
the defeat along with economic stagnation in the defeated countries , was blamed on the secular arab nationalism of the ruling regimes .
the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102 .
the plan that the delegates agreed to was never ratified by the colonial legislatures nor approved of by the crown .
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline .
the bainbridge 's official ledgers reported revenue by department , giving birth to the name department store .
tesla thought the plane would sell for less than $ 1,000 .
warsaw -lrb- polish : warszawa -lsb- var'?ava -rsb- -lrb- listen -rrb- ; see also other names -rrb- is the capital and largest city of poland .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
in 1968 , abc took advantage of new fcc ownership regulations that allowed broadcasting companies to own a maximum of seven radio stations nationwide in order to purchase houston radio stations kxyz and kxyz-fm for $ 1 million in shares and $ 1.5 million in bonds .
the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing .
the historic city-centre of warsaw with its picturesque old town in 1980 was listed as a unesco world heritage site .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
shortly after the conquest , cyprus was sold to the knights templar and it was subsequently acquired , in 1192 , by guy de lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom .